here's Cheyenne get his hair cut what's
up his Indian guy you got for me today
you guys 7-10 oh that's why this
wasn't plugged in right good scoot over
as much as you can hey we're just gonna
leave it like that oh yeah it's inside
now we go this way see that white patch
right thing why he's like oh and these
guys are playing tent a grand turismo
Rick grit yes hello you two special ones
you Kayla oh god yes
all right Jesus brush tip especially air
tank and see what's going on like it was
too short oh maybe we'll see how it is
but you really wanted a one right
it was Robert
yea it's going on YouTube oh
there's no
ha ha
weird people over there